README.md, before:

### NLP-based-DBMS: A Major Project for Bachelor in Computer Engineering
#### Project Members:
- Avahan Tamrahkar
- Javed Ansari
- Kripesh Nihure
#### Institution:
Department of Electronics and Computer Engineering, Pulchowk Campus, Institute of Engineering, TU, Lalitpur, Nepal

#### Project Overview:
This repository contains the code and documentation for the NLP-based-DBMS project, an academic endeavor undertaken as a major project for the Bachelor in Computer Engineering program at Pulchowk Campus. The primary goal of this project is to integrate Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques with Database Management Systems (DBMS) to create an innovative and efficient solution for database queries and management.

#### Project Description:
NLP-based-DBMS aims to simplify database interactions by allowing users to communicate with the database using natural language queries. This project leverages the power of NLP to interpret and execute complex database operations seamlessly. The project is expected to be completed by the end of 2024 and will be delivered to the Department of Electronics and Computer Engineering at Pulchowk Campus.

#### Key Features:

- Natural Language Query Processing: Converts user-friendly natural language queries into precise SQL commands.
- Enhanced User Experience: Makes database management accessible to users with minimal technical background.
- Scalability: Designed to handle large-scale databases with efficiency.
- Security: Implements robust security measures to protect data integrity and privacy.

#### Usage Instructions:

#### License:
This project is licensed under the terms specified by the Department of Electronics and Computer Engineering, Pulchowk Campus, Institute of Engineering. For any use of the material in this project, including copying, publication, or other use for financial gain, prior written permission from the department and the authors is required.

Contact:
For further information or permissions, please contact:
Head of the Department,
Department of Electronics and Computer Engineering,
Pulchowk Campus, Institute of Engineering, TU,
Lalitpur, Nepal

Commit message:

Updated README with running instructions

README.md, after:

### NLP-based-DBMS: A Major Project for Bachelor in Computer Engineering
#### Project Members:
- Avahan Tamrahkar
- Javed Ansari
- Kripesh Nihure
#### Institution:
Department of Electronics and Computer Engineering, Pulchowk Campus, Institute of Engineering, TU, Lalitpur, Nepal

#### Project Overview:
This repository contains the code and documentation for the NLP-based-DBMS project, an academic endeavor undertaken as a major project for the Bachelor in Computer Engineering program at Pulchowk Campus. The primary goal of this project is to integrate Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques with Database Management Systems (DBMS) to create an innovative and efficient solution for database queries and management.

#### Project Description:
NLP-based-DBMS aims to simplify database interactions by allowing users to communicate with the database using natural language queries. This project leverages the power of NLP to interpret and execute complex database operations seamlessly. The project is expected to be completed by the end of 2024 and will be delivered to the Department of Electronics and Computer Engineering at Pulchowk Campus.

#### Key Features:

- Natural Language Query Processing: Converts user-friendly natural language queries into precise SQL commands.
- Enhanced User Experience: Makes database management accessible to users with minimal technical background.
- Scalability: Designed to handle large-scale databases with efficiency.
- Security: Implements robust security measures to protect data integrity and privacy.

#### Usage Instructions:
Open a terminal instance inside the working directory and install all the requirements as:
```bash
 pip install-r "requirements.txt" 
```
Note: You must have pip preinstalled.

To run the application:
```bash
python application.py
```
Or
```bash
python3 application.py
```

Also, the database must be prepared manually for now and the database access credentials like username and password must be updated in the db_config in "application.py" along with the host name and database to be used.

#### License:
This project is licensed under the terms specified by the Department of Electronics and Computer Engineering, Pulchowk Campus, Institute of Engineering. For any use of the material in this project, including copying, publication, or other use for financial gain, prior written permission from the department and the authors is required.

Contact:
For further information or permissions, please contact:
Head of the Department,
Department of Electronics and Computer Engineering,
Pulchowk Campus, Institute of Engineering, TU,
Lalitpur, Nepal
